Fairytale book
A book of stories, where the tales follow the monster characters 

Forest:
1. Anaea Jangre- featherd dragon from the tropical forest. She used to be engaged in an arranged marriage but she ran away with 
Beeji as they were in love
2. Beeji Coppa- Dryad from the tropical forest. He left his tree behind to escape with the girl of his dreams somewhere where they can
be together
3. Diana Sanziana- romanian fairy on which the Sanziene holiday is based. She loves to take part in the holiday and it's rituals, 
usually retunrning to her home for another year. She tends to never hurt humans.
4. Iena Lena- iele, romanian witch who loves to punish and kill men. She always wears chainmail and will not hesitate to kill.
5. Kalis - blind witch who has been wronged and driven to solitude by her village. 
She can see with the help of mist creatures she controls 
6. Sami Pajeh- spider girl. She is model and loves decorating things with her spider web. Althought she is a spider she is afraid 
of insects.


Lake:
1. Misha Nyx- australian lake nymph. She was blinded by love and let herself be taken away to another land where she was abandoned.
2. Hali Nyx- australian ocean nymph. Missing her sister, she traveled the whole worlds to find her. She did, and made a travel
blod along the way which proved to make a lot of money.
3. Izumi Kaito- kappa creature that guards her park lake surrounded by cherry trees
4. Katashi Kaito- kappa creature that protects his tiny artificial lake with all his might
5. Leiagore Thalassa- nereid, daughter of Doris and Nereus. She is kind and loves surfing.
She long the lower part of her right leg in a shark attack, now using a water created prosthetic leg.
6. Maera Thalassa- nereid, compared to her sister, she is a lot less forgiving. She is wicked and loves
bringing men to their doom with her singing, opposite her family

Mountain:
1. Maria Sante- wrath demon with a pyromania. Her main aim is to destroy people's faith in God.
2. Lucian Marties- martolea. demonic romanian entity that comes down from mountains to lure woman
with his singing and punish them for working.
3. Kelly Drac- souleater. They were a specially made legion in hell designed as the ultima warrios.
4. Onix Drac- souleater. started as the worse of the worse human shouls. they forget who they are and
create new personas as they consume human souls 
5. Eblis Sanze- tempress from hell. She wears a mask because she exhales halluogenic gases that hypnotise people.
6. Roman G- hell hound, gypsy bounty hunter. She is the best when it comes to finding people, and she doesn't treat them nicely either.

City:
1. Cherry J- an orphan who doesn't know who she is or where she's from. she is the vocalist of the band The Strays
2. Genesis Crimson- orphan, unknown past, she is the drummer of The Strays
3. Ezra Z Eteres- a daredevil orc. He is blind in his third eye as he tried to do a stunt that backfired.
4. Isla Corn- twisted unicorn. Corrupted by mental illnes, she is now a sado masochist with a love for the macabre.
5. Kiki Konna- hacker girl. She was obsessed with becoming superior to the human race so she is changing herself by adding circuits
in her body. 
6. Loly- the daughter of the twisted sandman. She hates her completely black eyes so she compensates by wearing bright, revealing pastel colors. 
She has a love for drinking, smoking and everything rebelios.

Mansion:
1. Clary Delarue- vampire. She is the daughter of a well respected ancient vampire. She was transormed in 1336.
2. Thomas Delarue - vampire. clary's brother. He is a bitter, rebelios ex convict who murdered Clary's ex fiancee.
3. Hans Moreau- Homen rider. He is Clary's ex fiancee. He used to be a werewolf but got killed. He was brought back as a spirit
of compassion, locked to a physical form by a necklace containing his fang.
4. Bonnie- a lost soul. She was murdered in the 50's when she found out her husband has been killed in the war by his army mates
She was about to turn the information and proof to the authorities but she got caught and killed before she had a chance to.
She is now a restless soul obsessed with power. She hangs out with the most powerful monsters
5. Devi Pavana- indian dragon. She is part of a harem, where she is the favorite girl. She is a hopeless romantic who thinks
that her love can make the man in charge of the harem feel love as well.
6. Agros Prad- an elven ex slave obsessed with gold that soemtimes sells his services in exchange of gold goods. He is also gay.


